In this activity we will use Spark
to evaluate our decision tree.
First, we load
the classification predictions,
created during the last
Spark hands on activity.
We then compute the accuracy
of these predictions.
And then, generate a confusion matrix.
Let's begin.
First, let's open the model
evaluation notebook.
Next, let's execute the first
cell to load the classes.
Then, execute the second cell
to load the predictions we saved
during the previous hands on.
We could then complete
the accuracy of these predictions
by using a multi-class
classification evaluator.
Let's enter evaluator =
MulticlassClassificationEvaluator(labelCo-
l="label", predictionCol="prediction") and
finally metricName="precision" and
execute this.
We can then compute the accuracy by
calling evaluate on the evaluator.
We'll enter
evaluator.evaluate[predictions].
This says that the accuracy is about 81%.
Next, let's use multi-class metrics
to compute a confusion matrix.
Multi-class metrics takes
an RDD of numbers, and
our data is currently in a data frame.
We can access the RDD of the underlying
data frame by using the RDD
attribute of predictions.
If we look at predictions.rdd.take(2)
we see the RDD
is the RDD of rows, or
each row has a prediction and label.
However multi-class metrics
wants an RDD of numbers.
We could do this using a map.
We'll enter predictions.rdd.map and
we'll use a key word,
tuple, and we'll look at the first
two elements in this RDD.
Run this.
We can see now this RDD is just numbers.
Now we'll create a new instance of
a multiclass metrics using this RDD.
Metrics =
MulticlassMetrics(predrictions.rdd.map(tu-
ple)).
We can then display
the confusion matrix by running
metrics.confusionMatrix().toArray().trans-
pose().
We can see these results are similar
to the confusion matrix in nine.